Update documentation for automations (#8084)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/Automations.md

## Vulnerability automations

Vulnerability automations are triggered if Fleet detects a new vulnerability (CVE) on at least one host. 

> > Note that a CVE is treated as "new" by Fleet if it was published to the national vulnerability (NVD) database within the preceding 30 days by default. This setting can be changed through the [`recent_vulnerabilities_max_age` configuration option](../Deploying/Configuration.md#recent-vulnerability-max-age).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that a CVE is treated as "new" by Fleet if it was published to the national vulnerability database (NVD) within the preceding 30 days by default. This setting can be changed through the [`recent_vulnerabilities_max_age` configuration option](../Deploying/Configuration.md#recent-vulnerability-max-age).
```

}
```

> > Note that `epss_probability`, `cvss_score`, and `cisa_known_exploite` are available only in Fleet Premium.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> For ticket automations, one ticket is created per CVE regardless of the number of hosts on which such CVE is detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For ticket automations, one ticket is created per CVE, regardless of how many hosts have the CVE.
```

6. Select **Enable vulnerability automations** and choose **Ticket**.
7. Under **Ticket destination**, select your ticket destination and select **Save**.

> The Jira and Zendesk ticket automations are currently in beta.

Author: @noahtalerman, are the Jira and Zendesk automations still considered beta?

Reviewer 2: > are the Jira and Zendesk automations still considered beta?

@zwass do you know the answer to this?

Tagging Zach because Zach is the DRI for `When a feature is advertised as "beta"`: https://fleetdm.com/handbook/people#directly-responsible-individuals

## Policy automations

> Policy automations are triggered if a policy has recently failed on at least one host. Policy automations are triggered separately for each failing policy.

Author: ```suggestion
Policy automations are triggered if a policy is newly failing on at least one host. Policy automations are triggered separately for each failing policy.
```

> Policy automations are triggered if a policy is newly failing on at least one host. Policy automations are triggered separately for each newly failing policy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Policy automations are triggered if a policy has recently failed on at least one host. Policy automations are triggered separately for each failing policy.
```

> > Note that a policy is "newly failing" if a host updated its response from "no response" to "failing" or from "passing" to "failing."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that a policy is "recently failing" if a host updated its response from "no response" to "failing" or from "passing" to "failing."
```

Author: I like your instinct here. The "newly failing" wording felt awkward to me too at first. But I'm still leaning toward keeping it because I think it draws a sharper line around what counts as a triggering event.

Reviewer: Sounds good to me.

> Fleet can be configured either to send a webhook request or to create a ticket in Jira or Zendesk. Fleet checks whether to trigger policy automations once per day by default. This interval can be updated with the `webhook_settings.interval` configuration option using the [`config` yaml document](./configuration-files/README.md#organization-settings) and the `fleetctl apply` command. Note that this interval currently configures both host status and failing policies automations. This interval applies to both failing policies ticket creation as well as webhooks requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet can be configured either to send a webhook request or to create a ticket in Jira or Zendesk. Fleet checks whether to trigger policy automations once per day by default. This interval can be updated with the `webhook_settings.interval` configuration option using the [`config` YAML document](./configuration-files/README.md#organization-settings) and the `fleetctl apply` command. Note that this interval currently configures both host status and failing policy automations. This interval applies to both creating tickets for failing policies as well as webhooks requests.
```

> For webhooks automations, if a policy is newly failing on more than one host during the same period, a separate webhook request is triggered for each host by default. This behavior can be configured instead to group hosts into batched webhook requests through the [`host_batch_size` configuration option](../Using-Fleet/configuration-files/README.md#webhook-settings-failing-policies-webhook-host-batch-size).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For webhooks automations, if a policy recently fails on more than one host during the same period, a separate webhook request is triggered for each host by default. This behavior can be configured instead to group hosts into batched webhook requests through the [`host_batch_size` configuration option](../Using-Fleet/configuration-files/README.md#webhook-settings-failing-policies-webhook-host-batch-size).
```

}
```

> For ticket automations, a single ticket is created per newly failed policy (i.e. multiple tickets are not created if a policy is newly failing on more than one host during the same period).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For ticket automations, a single ticket is created per newly failed policy (i.e., multiple tickets are not created if a policy is newly failing on more than one host during the same period).
```

## Host status automations

Host status automations send a webhook request if a configured percentage of hosts have not checked in to Fleet for a configured number of days.

> Fleet sends these webhook requests once per day by default. This interval can be updated with the `webhook_settings.interval` configuration option using the [`config` YAML document](./configuration-files/README.md#organization-settings) and the `fleetctl apply` command.  Note that this interval currently configures both host status and failing policies automations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet sends these webhook requests once per day by default. This interval can be updated with the `webhook_settings.interval` configuration option using the [`config` YAML document](./configuration-files/README.md#organization-settings) and the `fleetctl apply` command.  Note that this interval currently configures both host status and failing policy automations.
```

## Host status automations

Host status automations send a webhook request if a configured percentage of hosts have not checked in to Fleet for a configured number of days.

> Fleet sends these webhook requests once per day by default. This interval can be updated with the `webhook_settings.interval` configuration option using the [`config` yaml document](./configuration-files/README.md#organization-settings) and the `fleetctl apply` command.  Note that this interval currently configures both host status and failing policies automations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet sends these webhook requests once per day by default. This interval can be updated with the `webhook_settings.interval` configuration option using the [`config` YAML document](./configuration-files/README.md#organization-settings) and the `fleetctl apply` command.  Note that this interval currently configures both host status and failing policies automations.
```
